Psalm 28 a psalm of David to you I will
cry O Lord my rock do not be silent to
me lest if you are silent to me I become
like those who go down to the pit hear
the voice of my supplications when I cry
to you when I lift up my hands toward
your holy sanctuary do not take me away
with the wicked and with the workers of
iniquity who speak peace to their
neighbors but evil is in their hearts
give them according to their deeds and
according to the wickedness of their
endeavors give them according to the
work of their hands render to them what
they deserve because they do not regard
the works of the Lord nor the operation
of his hands he shall destroy them and
not build them up blessed be the Lord
because he has heard the voice of my
supplications the Lord is my strength
and my shield my heart trusted in him
and I am helped therefore my heart
greatly rejoices and with my song I will
praise Him the Lord is their strength
and he is the saving refuge of his
anointed save your people and bless your
inheritance shepherd them also and bear
them up forever
you